[bitnami/rabbitmq-cluster-operator] Add chart (#7274)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/rabbitmq-cluster-operator/README.md

## TL;DR

```console
$ helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
$ helm install my-release bitnami/rabbitmq-cluster-operator
```

## Introduction

Bitnami charts for Helm are carefully engineered, actively maintained and are the quickest and easiest way to deploy containers on a Kubernetes cluster that are ready to handle production workloads.

This chart bootstraps a [RabbitMQ Cluster Operator](https://www.rabbitmq.com/kubernetes/operator/operator-overview.html) Deployment in a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

Bitnami charts can be used with [Kubeapps](https://kubeapps.com/) for deployment and management of Helm Charts in clusters. This Helm chart has been tested on top of [Bitnami Kubernetes Production Runtime](https://kubeprod.io/) (BKPR). Deploy BKPR to get automated TLS certificates, logging and monitoring for your applications.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.12+
- Helm 3.1.0
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

> - ReadWriteMany volumes for deployment scaling

Reviewer: Please confirm this is true

Author: Fixed

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install my-release bitnami/rabbitmq-cluster-operators
```

> The command deploys rabbitmq-cluster-operator on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Parameters](#parameters) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command deploy the RabbitMQ Cluster Kubernetes Operator on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Parameters](#parameters) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.
```

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Differences between the Bitnami RabbitMQ chart and the Bitnami RabbitMQ Operator chart

In the Bitnami catalog we offer both the *bitnami/rabbitmq* and *bitnami/rabbitmq-operator* charts. Each solution covers different needs and use cases.

> The *bitnami/rabbitmq* chart deploys a single RabbitMQ installation using a Kubernetes Deployment object (together with Services, PVCs, ConfigMaps, etc.). The figure below shows the deployed objects in the cluster after executing *helm install*:

Reviewer: Our RabbitMQ chart uses a statefulset:
```suggestion
The *bitnami/rabbitmq* chart deploys a single RabbitMQ installation using a Kubernetes Statefulset object (together with Services, PVCs, ConfigMaps, etc.). The figure below shows the deployed objects in the cluster after executing *helm install*:
```

```
                    +--------------+             +-----+
                    |              |             |     |
 Service            |   RabbitMQ   +<------------+ PVC |
<-------------------+              |             |     |

>                     |  Deployment  |             +-----+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    |  Statefulset |             +-----+
```

                    |              |
                    +-----------+--+
                                ^                +------------+
                                |                |            |
                                +----------------+ Configmaps |
                                                 | Secrets    |
                                                 +------------+

```

> Its lifecycle is managed using Helm and, at the RabbitMQ container level, the following operations are automated: persistence management, configuration based on environment variables and plugin initialization. The Deployments do not require any ServiceAccounts with special RBAC privileges so this solution would fit better in more restricted Kubernetes installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its lifecycle is managed using Helm and, at the RabbitMQ container level, the following operations are automated: persistence management, configuration based on environment variables and plugin initialization. The Statefulset does not require any ServiceAccounts with special RBAC privileges so this solution would fit better in more restricted Kubernetes installations.
```

| `metrics.service.loadBalancerSourceRanges` | RabbitMQ Cluster Operator metrics service Load Balancer sources             | `[]`                     |
| `metrics.service.externalTrafficPolicy`    | RabbitMQ Cluster Operator metrics service external traffic policy           | `Cluster`                |
| `metrics.service.annotations`              | Additional custom annotations for RabbitMQ Cluster Operator metrics service | `{}`                     |
| `metrics.serviceMonitor.enabled`           | Specify if a servicemonitor will be deployed for prometheus-operator        | `false`                  |
| `metrics.serviceMonitor.jobLabel`          | Specify the jobLabel to use for the prometheus-operator                     | `app.kubernetes.io/name` |
| `metrics.serviceMonitor.interval`          | Scrape interval. If not set, the Prometheus default scrape interval is used | `""`                     |
| `metrics.serviceMonitor.metricRelabelings` | Specify additional relabeling of metrics                                    | `[]`                     |

> | `metrics.serviceMonitor.relabelings`       | Specify general relabeling                                                  | `[]`                     |

Reviewer: Please re-run the `readme-generator` tool, the metrics parameters should have its own section.

Author: Done

> See https://github.com/bitnami-labs/readme-generator-for-helm to create the table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [readme-generator-for-helm](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/readme-generator-for-helm) to create the table.
```
